####### Hello, Cargo! #######  
Cargo is Rust's build system and package manager. Most rust devs use it to manage projects 
because it handles a lot of tasks for you, such as building code, downloading libraries, and
building those libraries.
(Libraries that your code needs are called dependencies)

The simplest programs like "Hello, world!" don't have any dependencies. More complex programs
will require the use of cargo. 

####### Creating Projects with Cargo #######  
Basic project creation in cargo uses this syntax:

    cargo new <project_name>
This creates a new project named whatever project_name is in a new directory named 
project_name. 
Cargo generates 2 files and one directory for us: a Cargo.toml file, and a src directory
with a main.rs file inside. 
It also initializes a new Git repo along with a .gitignore. Git files won't be generated
if you run cargo new inside an existing repo; you can override with: 

    cargo new --vcs=git

Cargo.toml  

    [package]
    name = "hello_cargo"
    version = "0.1.0"
    authors = ["Sunny-The7ank <myemail at gmail>"]
    edition = "2018"
    [dependencies]

This file is in the TOML (Tom's Obvious, Minimal Language) format, which is Cargo's config format.  
The first line, [package], is a section heading that indicates the following statements are config for a package.  As we add more info to the file, we'll add more sections.  

The next four lines define the config needed by Cargo to compile the program: the name, version, author, and the version of Rust to use.  Cargo gets your name and email info from your environment (git configuration), so if the info is wrong, fix it and save.  

The last line, [dependencies], is the start of a section for listing the project's dependencies.  In rust, packages of code are referred to as *crates*.  We don't need any crates for this project, but will later on.  

If you look in *src/main.rs* you will see an autogenerated "Hello, world!" program.  All source files should be placed within the src folder and the top level folder is just for README files, license info, config files, and anything else not code related.  

If you started a project without using CARGO, you can convert it by moving project code into a src folder and creating an appropriate Cargo.toml file.  

####### Building and Running a Cargo Project #######  

To compile the program, all you have to do is enter:  

    cargo build

This compiles the program and places it in the \target\debug\ folder within your project.  I personally prefer using:  

    cargo run

Which automatically compiles and executes the program.

Cargo can automatically determine if your code has changed and won't recompile unless necessary.  
Can also check your code for errors by just running:

    cargo check

This checks your code for errors that would prevent compilation without actually compiling.  This is much quicker than actually using cargo build / run everytime you make a change.

When your program is ready for release, you can use `cargo build --release` to compile with optimizations.  This will create an executable in target/release rather than target/debug.  These optimizations make code run faster, but turning them on makes compilation time longer.
